
private set;: 
This means that the property can only be set from within the same class. 
It allows the property to be modified only by other methods or 
constructors within the class itself. 
Outside the class, the property appears read-only.

init;: 
This is a new feature introduced in C# 9.0. 
It allows the property to be set only during initialization,
typically within a constructor or object initializer. 
After initialization, the property becomes read-only and cannot be modified.

set;: 
This is the standard way to define a property setter in C#. 
It allows the property to be set from anywhere within the same assembly or 
from derived classes if the property is not explicitly marked as private.


Fields and properties are both members of a class in C#, 
but they serve different purposes and have different characteristics.

Fields:
Fields are variables that are directly declared within a class.
They are used to store data for the object.
Fields can be of any data type, including primitive types, custom types, 
or collections.
They are typically declared with an access modifier (public, private, 
protected, etc.) to control their visibility and accessibility.
Fields are accessed directly using the dot notation (object.field).
public class MyClass
{
    private int myField;
    public string anotherField;
}

Properties:
Properties are a special type of member that provide access to a private field.
They encapsulate fields and provide a way to control access to them, 
usually by adding logic (e.g., validation, lazy loading) in the getter 
and setter methods.
Properties are defined using a syntax similar to methods, with a get accessor 
and optionally a set accessor.
They are accessed using the dot notation (object.PropertyName), just like fields.
Properties can have different access modifiers (public, private, protected, etc.)
for their getters and setters, allowing fine-grained control over accessibility.
public class MyClass
{
    private int myField;

    // Property with a private setter
    public int MyProperty { get; private set; }

    // Property with custom logic in getter and setter
    private string _name;
    public string Name
    {
        get { return _name; }
        set
        {
            if (!string.IsNullOrEmpty(value))
                _name = value;
        }
    }
}

Key Differences:
Fields store data directly, while properties provide controlled access to fields.
Properties can have logic in their accessors, whereas fields cannot.
Properties can have different accessibility for their getter and setter, 
whereas fields have a single accessibility determined by their access modifier.
Using properties allows for better encapsulation and maintainability by 
providing a level of abstraction over the underlying data storage.