
C#.NET Tutorials For Beginners and Professionals
C#.NET Tutorials For Beginners and Professionals

Join Our Microservices using ASP.NET Core Online Training Conducted by Dot Net Tutorials. This course is designed for developers looking to scale and enhance their web applications efficiently. Learn from Industry Experts, Practical Examples, and gain hands-on experience! Please Click Here to See the Course Detailed Informations.

In this C#.NET tutorial For Beginners and Professionals article series, we covered all the basic and advanced concepts of C#.NET. In this C# Tutorials For Beginners and Professionals course. I will explain C# language using different types of .NET applications, including the Console, Windows, ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET Web API, ASP.NET Core MVC, and ASP.NET Core Web API, by taking some real-time scenarios.

It is very important to understand C# as it is the base for all types of .NET applications. C#.NET is the most powerful programming language among all programming languages available in the .NET framework.
These C# Tutorials are for Whom?

These C#.NET tutorials are designed for beginners and professional developers who want to learn C# step by step, from the very basic to the advanced concept, using real-time examples. These tutorials provide a hands-on approach to the subject with step-by-step program examples that will assist you in learning and putting the acquired knowledge into practice.
What is C#.NET?

C#.NET is the most powerful programming language available in the .NET Framework. It contains all the features of C++, VB.NET, and JAVA, as well as some additional features. The C#.NET programming language is designed to be simple, modern, general-purpose, and object-oriented. C# is pronounced as C-Sharp.

C# is just a simple, secure, robust, portable, platform-independent, architectural neutral, multithreaded, object-oriented programming language with a strong type exception handling mechanism for developing different kinds of applications such as Web, Windows Form, Console, Web Services, Mobile Apps, etc.