
C#.NET Tutorials For Beginners and Professionals
C#.NET Tutorials For Beginners and Professionals

Join Our Microservices using ASP.NET Core Online Training Conducted by Dot Net Tutorials. This course is designed for developers looking to scale and enhance their web applications efficiently. Learn from Industry Experts, Practical Examples, and gain hands-on experience! Please Click Here to See the Course Detailed Informations.

In this C#.NET tutorial For Beginners and Professionals article series, we covered all the basic and advanced concepts of C#.NET. In this C# Tutorials For Beginners and Professionals course. I will explain C# language using different types of .NET applications, including the Console, Windows, ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET Web API, ASP.NET Core MVC, and ASP.NET Core Web API, by taking some real-time scenarios.

It is very important to understand C# as it is the base for all types of .NET applications. C#.NET is the most powerful programming language among all programming languages available in the .NET framework.
These C# Tutorials are for Whom?

These C#.NET tutorials are designed for beginners and professional developers who want to learn C# step by step, from the very basic to the advanced concept, using real-time examples. These tutorials provide a hands-on approach to the subject with step-by-step program examples that will assist you in learning and putting the acquired knowledge into practice.
What is C#.NET?

C#.NET is the most powerful programming language available in the .NET Framework. It contains all the features of C++, VB.NET, and JAVA, as well as some additional features. The C#.NET programming language is designed to be simple, modern, general-purpose, and object-oriented. C# is pronounced as C-Sharp.

C# is just a simple, secure, robust, portable, platform-independent, architectural neutral, multithreaded, object-oriented programming language with a strong type exception handling mechanism for developing different kinds of applications such as Web, Windows Form, Console, Web Services, Mobile Apps, etc.
Types of Applications Developed using C#:

With the help of the C# programming language, we can develop different types of secured and robust applications:

    Window Applications
    Web Applications
    Distributed Applications
    Web Service Applications
    Database Applications
    Mobile Applications
    Game Applications
    IoT Applications, etc.

What will you Learn From These C#.NET Tutorials?

In this C#.NET Tutorials, you will learn from basic to advanced level concepts of C#. Some of them are as follows:

Chapter-1 Introduction & Environment Setup
Chapter-2 C#.NET Basics
Chapter-3 OOPs in C#
Chapter-4 Exception Handling
Chapter-5 Events, Delegates, and Lambda Expression in C#
Chapter-6 MultiThreading
Chapter-7 Collections in C#
Chapter-8 File Handling
Chapter-9 Asynchronous Programming
Chapter-10 Parallel Programming
Chapter-11 AutoMapper
Chapter-12 Optional Parameter, Indexers, and Enums
Chapter-13 .NET Framework Architecture
Chapter-14 Var, Dynamic and Reflection
Chapter-15 C# 7.X, 8.X, 9.X, 10.X New Features, and Many More
Prerequisites to Learn C#.NET

No Prerequisites are required as we will start from the very basics. But if you have some basic programming knowledge, then it is an added advantage.